Add documentation for Webhooks (#926)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/webhooks.markdown

---

> title: Webhooks Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Webhooks and API events
```

> excerpt: You can find our API documentation at the developer site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: This article describes the DNSimple API webhook service delivery and management.
```

categories:
- API
---

> # Webhooks Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Webhooks and API events
```

### Table of Contents {#toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

---

> DNSimple uses Webhooks to send notification of the events that happens in your account via HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNSimple uses webhooks to deliver notification via HTTP regarding changes or events in your account.
```

For more technical information visit the [Webhook and Events section](https://developer.dnsimple.com/v2/webhooks/events/) in the API documentation.

> ## Find a Webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Managing Webhook recipients
```

> To check your webhooks, log into your account and navigate to your account page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check your webhook recipients, log into your account and navigate to your account page.
```

Author: This makes a lot of sense, I like it.

I also felt the lack of consistency in wording between webhook / recipient / endpoint.

This is much better. Thank you!

Once you are there click on the <label>Automation</label> link in the left menu.

![Webhook listing](/files/webhooks-listing.png)

This shows all of the URL's where DNSimple publishes the events that happens in your account.

## Add a recipient

Click on the <label>New</label> link to add a new recipient.

![Add recipient](/files/webhooks-add-recipient.png)

You will be asked for an URL. After you've entered the URL, click on <label>Add Webhook</label> to add the recipient.

![Add the URL and save it](/files/webhooks-add-url.png)

> Finally you will be redirected to the Automation section again and the new webhook will appear on the list of all the webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally you will be redirected to the Automation section again and the new webhook recipient will appear on the list of all the webhooks.
```

![Recipient added](/files/webhooks-recipient-added.png)

## Remove a recipient

> You can also remove a token at any time by using the <label>Delete</label> button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can remove a recipient at any time by using the <label>Delete</label> button.
```
